 *   What is the difference between forEach, map, filter and reduce ?

1) forEach--- The forEach() method calls a function once for each element in an array, in order.

2) map--- Array.map() method creates a new array from the results of calling a function for every element

3) filter--- The filter() method will create an array filled with all array elements that pass a test (given by function).

4)reduce--- The reduce() method executes a reducer function for each value of an array.

 *  Explain these using your own words Explain the difference between function declaration and arrow function ?

1) function declaration---it will tell compiler about the function name , its return type, and parameters
                its a (function statement) which has parameters.
                its defined using function keyword.
                they will execute when they are called.
    syntax--    function functionName(parameters) {
  // code to be executed
}

  *  Explain the difference between find and findIndex ?

1) find()-- will return a value of array element that passes a test function
   if function returns true value , than find() will return value of that element.
   otherwise it returns undefined

2) findIndex-- will return index of first array element that passes a test function.
    otherwise it returns -1

  *  If you like to filter out one object element in an array which method do you like to use: filter or find ?

filter -- as it creates an array filled with all array elements.
     also its supported  by browsers.


  *  Explain Explain the difference of var, let and const when we declare a variable ?

  1)var -- var is global scope & function scope 
  `its global when its declared outside a function .. which means its available in use to the whole window.
  `its function when its declared inside  a function (within).. which mean it can b access only inside function

  2) let & const are block scope

  for let -- if variable is declared with let .. we can used only inside that block.
  it cant be re-declared bt can be updated
  if its not initialized will get reference error

  for const -- it can only be accessed when they are declared in a block.
  it cant be updated or re-declared.
   so its imp to initialized when its declared

